c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\obj\Debug\youtube.osprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\obj\Debug\ImportTypeMap.resources
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\obj\Debug\youtube.osproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\obj\Debug\youtube.ScreenShots.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\youtube.ScreenShots.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.Adapters.Virtual.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\RuntimeConfig.xml
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\DefaultWindowFactoryConfiguration.xml
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\openspan.ini
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.x32.sys
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.x64.sys
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.GlobalAllocator.x32.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.GlobalAllocator.x64.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.Scout.x32.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.Scout.x64.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.Security.x32.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.Security.x64.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.SharedMemory.x32.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.SharedMemory.x64.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.Sinon.x32.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.Sinon.x64.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.Utilities.x32.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.Utilities.x64.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.WER.x32.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.WER.x64.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.Windows.Broker.x32.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.Windows.Broker.x64.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.WinQueue.x32.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\Pega.WinQueue.x64.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\youtube.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\bin\Debug\youtube.pdb
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\obj\Debug\ytt.screenshots.resx
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\obj\Debug\youtube.dll
c:\users\reddy\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\youtube\youtube\obj\Debug\youtube.pdb
